[MISC] standardize string examples format in tables (#739)
bids-standard/bids-specification: src/04-modality-specific-files/04-intracranial-electroencephalography.md

| HardwareFilters                 | RECOMMENDED           | [object][] of [objects][] or `"n/a"` | [Object][] of temporal hardware filters applied, or `"n/a"` if the data is not available. Each key:value pair in the JSON object is a name of the filter and an object in which its parameters are defined as key:value pairs. For example, `{"Highpass RC filter": {"Half amplitude cutoff (Hz)": 0.0159, "Roll-off": "6dB/Octave"}}` |
| ElectrodeManufacturer           | RECOMMENDED           | [string][]                           | Can be used if all electrodes are of the same manufacturer (for example, `"AD-TECH"`, `"DIXI"`). If electrodes of different manufacturers are used, please use the corresponding table in the \_electrodes.tsv file.                                                                                                                           |

> | ElectrodeManufacturersModelName | RECOMMENDED           | [string][]                           | If different electrode types are used, please use the corresponding table in the `\_electrodes.tsv` file.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: The backslash was there just to escape the underscore, before this was not formatted as a codeblock prior to your change

```suggestion
| ElectrodeManufacturersModelName | RECOMMENDED           | [string][]                           | If different electrode types are used, please use the corresponding table in the `*_electrodes.tsv` file.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
```

Author: Ah yes!!!

I ddi think "why is that there?!" when scanning through that file.

| iEEGGround                      | RECOMMENDED           | [string][]                           | Description of the location of the ground electrode (`"placed on right mastoid (M2)"`).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| iEEGPlacementScheme             | RECOMMENDED           | [string][]                           | Freeform description of the placement of the iEEG electrodes. Left/right/bilateral/depth/surface (for example, `"left frontal grid and bilateral hippocampal depth"` or `"surface strip and STN depth"` or `"clinical indication bitemporal, bilateral temporal strips and left grid"`).                                                     |

> | iEEGElectrodeGroups             | RECOMMENDED           | [string][]                           | Field to describe the way electrodes are grouped into strips, grids or depth probes for example, `"{'grid1': "10x8 grid on left temporal pole", 'strip2': "1x8 electrode strip on xxx"}"`.                                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: just saw that this actually addresses https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-specification/issues/686

So let's make it absolutely clear that this is a string, not an object (or "string of an object").

Dora's description here is convincing IMHO: https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-specification/issues/686#issuecomment-737333966

```suggestion
| iEEGElectrodeGroups             | RECOMMENDED           | [string][]                           | Field to describe the way electrodes are grouped into strips, grids or depth probes for example, `"grid1: 10x8 grid on left temporal pole, strip2: 1x8 electrode strip on xxx"`.                                                                                                                                                 |
```

Author: Good with me. :-)
